Update a CHANGELOG.md for v0.8.0-beta (#345)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.8.0-beta (31/10/2019)

**Common**

* Project renamed to `here-olp-sdk-cpp`
* Project structure was changed, functional, integration, performance tests introduced.
* Local OLP server that mimics OLP added.

> * `OLP_SDK_DEPRECATED` macro is added to deprecate API

Reviewer: please append "." to align the the other points

* **Breaking Change** `SendOutcome::IsSuccessful` typo fixed.
* Missing dependencies for the iOS build as a shared library added.
* `KeyValueCache` instance was added to `OlpClientSetting`.
* Boost download source was changed.
* Added `Condition` class helping repositories sync wait on the OLP response.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * **Breaking Change** `olp::authentication::Settings` now require `olp::authentication::AuthenticationCredentials`.

Reviewer: requires

## v0.8.0-beta (31/10/2019)

**Common**

* Project renamed to `here-olp-sdk-cpp`
* Project structure was changed, functional, integration, performance tests introduced.
* Local OLP server that mimics OLP added.
* `OLP_SDK_DEPRECATED` macro is added to deprecate API
* **Breaking Change** `SendOutcome::IsSuccessful` typo fixed.
* Missing dependencies for the iOS build as a shared library added.
* `KeyValueCache` instance was added to `OlpClientSetting`.
* Boost download source was changed.

> * Added a `Condition` class, a helper class allows waiting until the notification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added `Condition` class helping repositories sync wait on the OLP response.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

* **Breaking Change** `olp::authentication::Settings` are now require `olp::authentication::AuthenticationCredentials`.

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Added a new class VersionedLayerClient that is used to access versioned layers in OLP, class implements `GetData`, `GetPartitions`, `PrefetchTiles` methods from `CatalogClient`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added new class `VersionedLayerClient` that is used to access versioned layers in OLP. Class implements `GetData`, `GetPartitions`, `PrefetchTiles` methods from `CatalogClient`.
```

> * Added a new class VolatileLayerClient that is used to access volatile layers in OLP. class implements `GetPartitions`, `GetData` methods from `CatalogClient`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added new class `VolatileLayerClient` that is used to access volatile layers in OLP. Class implements `GetPartitions`, `GetData` methods from `CatalogClient`.
```

> * `GetData` method was reworked.

Reviewer 2: Remove

* `GetData`, `GetPartitions`, `PrefetchTiles` methods in `CatalogClient` deprecated

> * **Breaking Change** CatalogClient constructor changed, a cache passed with `OlpClientSetting`, settings passed by value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Breaking Change** CatalogClient constructor changed. `OlpClientSettings` must be passed by value, `KeyValueCache` is now part of `OlpClientSettings`.
```

> * Added  `Types.h`, the header file contains all responses and callbacks types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Moved all responses and callbacks aliases to  `Types.h`.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-write**

* `StreamLayerClientSettings` class introduced.

> * **Breaking Change** `StreamLayerClient` costructor changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Breaking Change** `StreamLayerClient` constructor changed.
```

* **Breaking Change** `model::FlushRequest` class was introduced. `StreamLayerClient::Flush` changed.

> * `FlushEventListener` removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Breaking Change** `StreamLayerClient::Flush` changed. Now taking `FlushRequest` as input and a `FlushCallback` to be triggered after the flush.
```
